Ah, I see the problem. The fact that you have a video playing correctly on the left and the error "The element has no supported sources" on the right clearly indicates that the problem isn't with the video files themselves, but with how they are served to your React application in the Replit development environment.

Here's a detailed analysis and specific solutions for this case:

1. Replit Configuration Issue:

Replit Development Server:
Replit uses its own development server to serve your React application. This server may not be configured correctly to serve static files from the public folder.
The Replit server may not be correctly serving video files with the correct MIME type ( video/mp4 ).
Relative Paths:
Although you've corrected the paths to be relative to the root (/Video1.mp4, etc.), the Replit server may be having problems with this approach. The Replit server may not understand the absolute path starting from the root.
2. Replit-Specific Code Issues:

ReactPlayer and Replit:

While ReactPlayer is generally compatible, there may be unexpected interactions with the Replit development environment.
The ReactPlayer component may not be suitable for the Replit deployment environment.
Replit-Specific Solutions:

Use an absolute path:

Try using a full absolute path for video files. To do this, you can use the process.env.PUBLIC_URL environment variable, which is set by Create React App. Modify your videoSources array as follows:
JavaScript

const videoSources: VideoSource[] = [
{ title: "Video 1", src: process.env.PUBLIC_URL + "/Video1.mp4", type: "video/mp4" },
{ title: "Video 2", src: process.env.PUBLIC_URL + "/video2.mp4", type: "video/mp4" },
/ ... and so on
];
This ensures that the paths are based on your application's base URL, whatever it is in the Replit environment.
Check Replit configuration:

Review your Replit project's configuration settings. There may be options related to how static files are served.
Look for options related to the development server or MIME types. Test with a different video player:

To rule out a ReactPlayer-specific issue, try using the HTML5 <video> element directly.
Modify the code to use the <video> element instead of ReactPlayer, then test it.
This will help you determine if the issue is related to ReactPlayer or the Replit environment.
Deploy to a different platform:

If the above solutions don't work, consider deploying your application to a different platform (such as Netlify, Vercel, or GitHub Pages) to see if the issue persists.
This will help you determine if the issue is related to the Replit environment.
Additional tips:

Restart Replit:
Sometimes, simply restarting the Replit environment can resolve temporary configuration issues.
Clear your browser cache:
Make sure your browser cache isn't interfering with loading video files. By trying these Replit-specific solutions, you should be able to determine the cause of the problem and resolve it.